if you're a person who's in the doing
zero exercise per week Camp the very
good news is the benefit you get from
going from zero to three hours a week is
a greater benefit than anyone gets along
the exercise curve taking someone who's
at five hours and taking them to 15 will
produce less relative benefit than going
from zero to three so in other words I
want that person to see some real
incentive for making this change
secondly I'll put some numbers to it
right so going from no exercise to three
hours a week
approximately reduces your cause of your
all-cause mortality that is to say death
by every cause
by 50 percent at any moment in time so
if you're standing there asking what's
the probability I'm going to die this
year well we can sort of actuarially
figure that out
you get to cut that number in half by
simply going from zero to three hours
exercise a week if you're a
non-exerciser